Nil

bigger screen for people long sighted like me

Add apps such as Grab, What's App, Line etc as default.





The possibillity to share it wlan
have 2 set ups - one for IOS and one for Android - ask this at log in
NA


Better connection in weak signal spots
All Sweet
calls to the US? also, it connected me to the police when i dialed once, which was... odd

No

No thanks
Battery life and international call



none
it took forever to use the phone so we didn't even bother using it.
Allow hotspot


Special app for tourist to know best tourist destinations and what to use for commute

.
yES




The battery died within minutes of removing from the cradle. Hence all the above are not helpful as it could not be used.
N.A. that was ultimate experience
Thank you for this offering!!
Maintain value for money
Locality specific recommendations

No I don't think so
No
This is a fantastic idea. Well done to whoever came up with it.
Perhaps a way of connecting to whatsapp etc would be useful??!!

No. It was fantastic and had everything we needed

none so far
No



Its already good keep improve


Everything was awesome!
If possible,I would like to use Japanese characte type device.
It would be great if you add wifi hotspot/theathering feature in it. As some timea guest has to acces their mail id or other scocial networks  out of hotel which are installed on their own handset. If they got wifi hotspot/theathering it will be great for them.
👍🏻

`


No



limited hotspot
nope
would be a plus if can do hotspot and tethering
the app loading speed was extremely slow
Add Thailand for free international call please..

Great
None
Phone is a little lag.
Guests should be able to call their country using the handset phone in the room.


You should add facebook messenger. We found difficult on downloading it. So you should put it there.





Please add the information about halal food restaurant in Spore city
A Forex app would be useful


It Is nice
No
it is preferred to provide share Wi-Fi network service

data sharing(tethering)

Please include how to...since everytime i try toas the reception desk on how to use the phone feature,etc...they r too busy and I can't wait all day for them to ezplore the city. Thanks
A little complicated to understand and use

No
It was very slow to start. Touch screen was very bad as it was not working properly. You should increase the list of countries to cover free calls to landlines.




It's really a user-friendly and customer delightful

No
Battery life is too short.  System is easily down.

No. It was really helpful for our stay

Nope. This Handy is really help me out during my business trip in Singapore..thanks alot

The battery percentage not shown although the option is selected in the phone.
a bit troublesome to refresh the Internet every half an hour
Battery life




Great services


Local calls were difficult: local couldn't call my number
It was easier to call overseas!

No
Please do make your handy gadget more reliable. When i use it, the phone take so long to open an app. it bothers me when i need a quick info on my trip.


Make it much easier to set up and use. I could not get it started.


The connection speed was so slow we left the handy in the hotel because it took forever to load anything , ending up useless.

I wish we could tether as well.





Finnish language
No

If whats app can be added, it will be great


All good
WhatsApp
Ease of use
no
No. Was great for finding places on maps. Thankyou.
Google maps

thank you - it was fantastic to have this service
Include messaging apps like fb messenger, wechat, skype to be included in the pre downloaded apps we can easily install.



none
Ha! Ha!  Everything

This is the most innovative hotel amenity that I've ever experienced.
Satisfied
Features are more than enough



No it was great

Yes improve the contacts with the offers you have on the phone
Free International call to Canada

Improve battery life




tehering

It would be nice if friends could call me .
good current features
All the features were very satisfied.
possible to include e-mail/contact (ex. gmail) to dial from phone book
Not informed on usage of handy.
Sms messages would be nice



I used it mainly for maps so i didn't use my own phone for browsing at an expensive rate


no waze or other features for immediate used. it should be user friendly and it is not.


No
Little slow
faster internet


None yet
The handy didnt function at all as i ever complained but in vain, unlike my previous stay, it was so good







Improve the battery life
Nothing- we loved this feature.


Add more storage space on the phone to install handy apps like social networking and messaging
No, thats all good
The handy is really user friendly. However, it would be better if it install few popular apps eg. Grab, Waze
The phone was slow.
Be more user friendly


none



wifi tethering
Tks
No. All was perfect


Can you made an easier user manual



The phone itself I think is not updated, apps tend to load slower. So hopefully, on our next visit Handy's version will be updated.
The Rubens is a very good hotel--a little away from the center but near a subway stop.  The staff is 1st rate.  The 3 unanswered questions are not applicable as I did not use them.
All in, satisfied
No
The charging of the handy is bad, I cannot charge and need to get the reception to do it for me.
Device tethering didn't appear to work. Instant messaging didn't work. The handset was slow to respond and clunky to use. Interface was more geared towards advertising than intuitive usage.
the changement of interface is too slow
The phone's a bit laggy sometimes


No
To have more information about its uses prior to arrival as we booked a lot of things before arriving but would of just done it when we were in singapore if we had known


Looks Ok to me!



Whatsapp
Allow hotspot, OS very slow for mobile
Caller id for both incoming and outgoing calls

Place a super attractive activity or deal or feature in the front page to attract people to use it.
None of my colleague uses it during their trip in Singapore.
the handy keep turning off during the usage so its really not helping us..

It is am AMAZING idea and all you got at the moment worked perfectly for me. Great THANKS !!!
No. We thought it was fantastic!
No

More user friendly as it has to navigate between menu in order to go to what you want.
No
The handy is not responsive. I gave up on it

Call in function
Many discon for feature


Interface
Handy does nothing extra that I cannot do on my ipad or phone


none
Too much things in handy, if less simple will be better. and the handy will be faster.
Faster internet
Not really, I was very impressed.

Push mesages.
To be perfectly honest, I didn't trust I wouldn't somehow end up with a bill/debt to pay at the end of my holiday. I would have used it a lot more if I was sure there was no expense with using it.
I think I needed to I mprove to scare to use in case I broke it
Noo

If you can allow it to act as a mobile wifi will be better. A lot of confidential information is in my phone..therefore I will rather not use Handy too much especially app which has password.
Add unlimited calls to other international countries even.

More offers for tours
Please allow it to access 4G - the speed was too slow to be functional. Battery would barely last 2 hours on standby, less than an hour if we were using it
It was a little slow/clunky to use particularly when switching between apps; it would often pause for a while.


Speed of applications. The device runs very slowly.



Game
Maybe suggestion to nearby atractio n with price info. Give an option. High price and budget.



Discount on major attractions and offers in the city
Not really

An included power battery pack.

Australia needs to be added to international calling

Improve
not familiar with the model of phone.  it will be good if is a iphone or samsung
Maybe a sheet of instructions on how to use some of the features as it took me a while to work out.




This is a great service and a surprise, did not know it was available.  You have everything you need to know and more in your hand.
no
GPS on maps didn't locate us well or centre
Whatsapp

It s impossible to call handy from a local number. Only handy can make a call. Should be improved







No
It's good the way it is.
It's much more helpful if it's allowed to open the hot spot.


4g
All fine
Ni
Try more budget offers for lesser income tourists
The equipments is handy and feature is amazing just that the front desk need to brief the guests compulsorily as this is not available in many places

Internet speed
Very poor experience.
Good job on handy, i dont think i have any suggestion as I am so pleased with the service :)

Not enough time to fully utilize it to a fair comment.

The touch screen sometimes not working properly.

I believe the functionality has a ways to go yet ...... but I used it for making and taking local calls, and as a foreigner that was useful.

Thoroughly enjoyed using this device, helped us immensely with transport and ideas
Difficult to charge if not placed perfectly in charger
Fast processor of the phone because it lags. Fast data connection as well if possible.
More frequent update on place to eat

no
more speeder
More battery life. It does not last the whole day with data on

Speed


i requested for a late checkout until 3pm, but handy shut down at the usual 12 pm checkout time. Suggest that handy should shut down at the same time as the revised guest checkout.
Update the devuces as it kept freezing out
Breackfast
It was perfect.
If you a Iphone user its hard to use the handy. Maybe an simple Android for loading apps like Facebook etc.
No thanks, it was a very handy tool for tourists who don't know where to go or how to get there.



Unit is hard to use. Very slow response.
No
Just great idea!



Language service (Japanese, Korean etc)
No

Get Whatsapp + Skype ready for use
No comment
I cannot use the phone at all


nil
It's a little confusing in terms of using it. It doesn't seem very intuitive having used iPhones
online speed could be faster
no
Having video calls if possible! Overall it's an excellent service! Well done!

lighter unit
Ability to text
No


I could not get the handy to work
It is complicate to use.
Phone must be easy to use and understand .
No need to have more function but need basic funtion . Call /  Internet / signseeing   etc.
The phone is not friend to use.


No

it's very satisfying already


Some of feature listed in the survey was not known. Dialling a ext no was not great. Maybe a user set code will be easier to remember like lockers in the room
Initially battery would not charge.  Then kept asking for pin number.  Took to front desk various times and they could not get it to work.
No


Phone crashed frequently. Can't send or receive text messages. No mobile hot spot. No incoming calls. No WhatsApp. Just a heavy map.
No
More application for Games
Nil

Whatsapp
Not really only that if the morning buffet time could be a lill adjustable:)



I think handy is amazing, definitely first experience for me in foreign country, very helpful, very satisfied...thank you so much handy
Larger screen
Life battery have to improve, must stay 1 day long, and quick charging is a must.
Free calls to more countries

Battery Storage capacity is not enough

no


Very happy and good experience first time .  I use somuch but I see Somany new features right now in survey. Thanks
The phone was too slow. I think the memory on the handset was inadequate for the features that was packed in. But overall it was OK..! The calls, Internet, Maps and ability to install your apps were very useful

The phone itself is too laggy which makes it almost unusable.  The service is good just that the phone needs to be replaced with better ones.
No.   During my stay I remember accepting an offer from my HK mobile provider for unlimited data etc.   In having that available to me I seem to remember not needing the Handy device once I accepted the offer.    Although, I like the idea and was curious to learn more when i first saw the device in my room.

Improve the overall speed of the phone. I have used the handy sets on 2 of my trips, both times they were very laggy. And the battery life. The phone would just last half a day , even with minimum phone usage .


Nothing


Battery life is very less

We couldn't figure out how to use it so it was pretty pointless.  We are iPhone users and used to much quicker reaction time from a phone.  Took me a long while to realise that it was responding but very slowly. Also there was not list in the room stating which countries you could dial for free (I had been assured at reception it would be in the room).    The idea is great but learning to use a new phone for anyone over the age of 30 is not as easy as one might think.

shoul be have social Media App, like WA


What the users can do should be mentioned. Didnt know about the unlimited calls

Found making calls complicated
Very dirty carpet in room

上網速度耍改善，現時太慢
No

I wanted to tell you , if your group interested in real estate please contact me I arrange land for development , land is ready in BANGALORE, Hyderabad, AMARAVATHI .  I give openion Rong for handy , it's superab idea , very very top .   Happy.  Murthy 008613553313558,  00919849130015

provide easy guide for the use if handy
Yes
Overall is ok
No


WiFi connection to my own smartphone for share the internet access at outside hotel.
Not that I can think of
Reception staff should provide prime about this facility at the time of hotel check in .



i dont think it is great that hotel provide us handy
It's perfect other than the speed of the phone.
The phone hardware is now quite old, possibly due to android version upgrade. The unit took 10 hours to sync my Google contacts, requiring me to use my own phone for the contact details. On my previous visit a couple of years ago, the phone was much faster. Now the handset reports no contact information for at least 30 seconds every time the contact app is started. Please upgrade the hardware.
No.  It was excellent for an overseas visitors.  It would be great if all countries offered it to their guests.  thank you.
it takes a long time to start up and shut down.  It also takes quite long to connect to overseas phone call.  If both timing can be improved would rate it 5.
Make International calls to more destinations free.
No need it is already prefect
Restaurant recommends
PHONE BATTERY SHOULD B 4000 MAH
Improve battery life
Please include Philippines to unlimited international calls


map is not correct and sensitive enough
The one in our room was super slow, and barely worked. It kept exiting the wifi signal every few minutes and timing out. It's a cool idea but the phones are really bad quality. Investing in iPhones would be smart.
new unit maybe
Satisfied. It's differentiated service.





The cost at the places we went to would be good. I booked online to places like the zoo thinking it was cheaper however, It was cheaper purchasing at the zoo

Excellent option


battery life
Maps
Processing speed of handy is almost unbearable

handy has a little bit slow response speed. It needs to be upgraded.
Not really that I can think of.
No
No


love the idea but not all that easy to use and perhaps it would be better to offer handy services by allowing clients to download the app rather than carry a second handset and the app provides free data and international calls etc
I didn't know how to use it so it wasn't useful to me.
No

Improve more
So far so good
All good


game



navigation from calling to web browsing is not too eassy


no

speed of internet, battery life,

Phone is slow and hang after a few clicks.
Longer battery life

change to smooth OS, ex: iOS
It cannot download taxi apps
No comments
All good


Pokemon Go loaded but it did not work

No.

A GPS feature showing closest subway/train station or bus stop from phone location. This would help visitors who are not familiar with the place.
no

Ability to sms overseas (Australia) and to address the issue of setting up facebook, messenger etc when you have pin numbers set to your overseas based mobile phone
i have not explored it fully , but  i think it is more than sufficient
Please simplify the layout. Especially for text messaging which I had trouble accessing.
Yo download uber


Viber
Wattsapp
More messenger apps

During our stay there is a fire alarm. No accouncement was made over the Public announcement system or hotel staff.
Great feature for the hotel.
As a local tourist, I do not require international phone calls function much, though it is still a nice function to have. Simple instruction manual could be provided to make it easier for me to use. I had difficulty handling it as I am iphone user, not familiar with android system. Also, it would be very useful if I could access housekeeping via an app and request for housekeeping assistance, like asking for extra towels, defective hairdryer etc.
i loved it. I wish it was easier to setup, maybe the hotel could inform me about it. Initially when I came across the phone in my room, I was worried, I would be charged exorbitantly high fees for using it. I had no idea what the phone was for quite some time , and had to read up and confirm it was indeed a complimentary offering. Now that I know, I look forward to using it next time around.

Nil. The current features are sufficient for any tourists regardless leisure or business trips, to aid in the convenience while in Hong Kong. Thank you.



Battrey life very short. Not user friendly.

Clearer 'ow to use' instructions to get the most of the functions
Can update us to VIP Best Discount Rate. Would be coming back again. Planning to review your rooms and facilitate for future Seminars and Stay. Thanks.
Could not make calls to South Africa

Some directions for use
Very useful


everything is good
Bo


Reminded me of my first smartphone of ten years ago
So we used our phones (but my daughter played with it). In our case we never even really considered using handy. But I must admit it was nice to offer such a service.
Maybe an automatic - best way back to the hotel one is staying at.
Local suggestions for restaurants and café.



no very satisfied

I could only get ads on the phone so didn't use, the concept was good, 5 couples stayed with us no one could get the phone working correctly
I didn't know the Handy phone needs to be charged for extra fees from hotel...! I've heard that handy phone is free so I started using it without second thought when I saw it in my room. However when checking out, the reception asked if I used handy phone during my stay and showed me the charging notice! I was shocked honestly, and thank god they said I didn't have to pay if I wasn't know it's a paid service.
I'm not sure if the charging request is from handy or the hotel. If it's from handy, then I wouldn't prefer using it anymore since I rented the wifi router in my home country. However, if the charging request is from hotel, then it makes no sense to me either for it should be an additional value, part of the hotel service instead of we should pay for it. I hope handy could explain to me which way of working, so I could know if I should consider using handy service in my next trip to HK.


The gym is quite a distance
Not used effectively and fully to give feedback

Size shud be a little smaller. Similar to an iPhone.






Device was in a loop of updating, did nit work properly
As I am not tech minded I only used it for a phone call.
User interface and speed.
None for the moment
Hotspot sharing with your mobile




Tethering/Wi-Fi hotspot



Menu guide to use handy

good enough and super convinient

Battery life for the handy should be improved for whole day usage
Text
Not very user friendly to navigate
The phone is slow to use . Would be better to have an iPhone instead as it is more widely known and used by consumers


Handy was really helpful anyway



No fabulous device more hotels should take up the ideas
Add no limited international call to china




A protective cover/case
No




Huang

Rooms too small. Drinks too dear
Improve performance. Handy is slow to react when apps are open.
Fine



Hotspot function when activated would be most useful


To be able to use it as a personal hotspot
Need to improve the Battery life ....

Don't know
No
The phone usually go on reset and it needs a daily login of Costumers account.



Nil


Using Apple as handy device
No
Responsive of the handset to command inputs is slow
It should have  a more user friendly call and text interface

Faster phone......  lot of lag
The range of countries you could ring was not easy to find.



it is a very slow handy
NIL
No



Not at this time





no
No
No


No
no
no
Taxi app

More information on device readily available in room  to first time users
Look  did not really use it fully as I had my own phone , set up the way I like. Did not have anyone in HK to ring, nor use international calls
Needs to be easier to access apps. Get to google maps etc needs to be a lot easier. Don't make me go to an address client's website every time I open the phone. Let me get to my calling app.
I've not used handy before so it was very new to me found it quite easy when I worked out how to use it.


The hand mobile phone that was in our room did not work and we had to take it to reception twice to have it checked but we were not shown how to use it so we ended up not worrying about because our stay was almost over by then. So we did not get to get the benefits of this feature.

Can be use to receive phone calls


I thought it was an excellent tool!

Is very  good now
Unlimited International calls to mobile, It cannot be provided ONLY in Orchard hotel.


No not really


No



Hard to say a everything we needed was available
More Languages
Switzerland can not be called
Calls on handy are not possibel


Nil
excellent inovation

so far it is enough

Uber

A better explication on this tool
I want to be sure that all my personal data, accounts (wechat, email, etc.) will be cleared from the device after I leave it. It must be standard service, so that I don't care about my personal data after I leave - I just install what I need and use all the features, and the next customer after me receives the device flushed to default state.
For city guide, I beleive it must start not from reclama, but from my query - what I want to find. Nearby facilities first. A list of offers, than position on map, then route how to get there.
Was very nice to have this phone... so nice surprise !! Thanks

Battery life to last longer

Family sized room


None, it's good as it is

Can't think of any!
Couldn't find the phone app. So the unlimited phone calls were useless. Maybe make the phone a bit easier to navigate.




Didn't use it, didn't seem quick enough, my phone was better

Improve the heat generation from device
No

No
add gps


How the ticketing worked was not clear and should have specified we had to meet a rep and also should have confirmed Rep meeting time at point of booking and not after it had been processed.

none



No

make international call much easier, easy steps to do that.

Hotspot


Speed

tethering





make the thing work.  I could not dial out on handy so spent US$200+ on phone calls.
Add whatsapp
The wifi in room
Ability to use download SnapChat (it doesn't work because of the way the Android is configured).

No



availability to  connect to social media
NA
Smoking floor

sync with your own address book. add data safety features and clarify how the data is handled.
Not needed for my needs
please make sure the guest knows about what the handy can do ..there should be a briefing or else someone my not use it at all or use it properly.
none
No it was actually quite easy to use.
I really did not get time to use handy properly as it was taken out if the room for an upgrade. Would of liked to tey it to its full potential.
the handy doesn't work as well as i want...



No
No
NA

Nothing... because it's good to have that handy👏
To many commercials make it confusing to use
Singapore locals were unable to call the handy phone which was disappointing. Also then number displayed on the handy phone was not accurate.
Batery
Addition of an Uber app to make taxi bookings easier ... and cheaper









I thout  handy can be use from airport and end at airport ,not just during the time from check-in hotel to check-out hotel.
Was a little hesitant to use handy. would have liked more instructions
It would be nice if the number is direct, without an extension
No
Free Calls to other Asian countres


Improve network speed
none so far

All good
No
和商家合作，优惠券领取，扫码优惠




More applications specially WhatsApp


Internet speed
None that I can think of.
More intuitive to connect


free call for international

Failing into the phone appeared too complicated with the extension
No...
My own phone ran out of charge when I was taking picture s of Victoria bay in the fog. I took some on the handy phone. The camera is not great compared to most phones on the market nowadays, but it didn't matter in the end because I couldn't figure out how to get them off! There were plenty of options to try, but all of them failed and I couldn't figure out why.  There isn't much online support available, it turns out.
A handset that works
Wasn't explained what it was! Discovered on the last day by accident.




Better camera. Better performance (experienced lags and glitches). More space. Better security (screen lock with password).
Be back at waldorf

It would be great to have tethering! So i could actually use whatsapp and email, that are the apps i use the most!

no

Taxi app, public transportation app, tourist navigation - not just a list, but complete navigation to the locations (and I don't recall having city guide - nor the direct dial to the reception, for that matter), shopping/market portal (where to buy, with prices and contacts, like Yandex.Market in Russia)
Processing speed / internet speed
there was no connection in the underground, but not sure handy can do anything about that.


Multi lingual
battery was flat when I checked in, the features are too complicated. Unable to operate after a few tries. Hence, completely useless to us.


the disocunt coupons interface seems complicated. I didnt know i could dial reception with it. Google maps came in very handy. Your form should have an option stating Did not use the feature since many features I did not use, and therefore I cannot grade them.


Not that I think od


A very useful addition to the service provided by the hotel although calling other mobile numbers would be very useful

Calls to the U.K.
None, really
I prefer less advertisements. The guide to fancrionality should be easy.

I could not get the keypad to come up so was unable to make any calls

Having Skype and Whatsapp pre-installed
Would be good to be able to choose your own default screen such as google maps
Make it smaller and lighter weight.  It seemed bulky to carry in my purse

None




Act as hotspot to my smartphone






Extension of stay should be possible also in handy as all data need reenter
It is perfect
Non
No
NA



Liked the handset and service. Would have happily purchased a generic version of the phone to take home (obviously without the handy service) if you'd offerred it at the time.
Serves my needs

SO GREAT !


No, It's very very good.


A user manual would have been helpful as I am not familiar with android phones
No

Battery lifr


Nothing
Throw it away!
Inbound calls. Having number with extension is annoying for who calls. Complicated to give and explain to people.

Work with telco, get a pool of numbers and manage them. When customer activates assign number, then wueh customer deactivates, store the number in ageing pool. Reassign after a couple of days or weeks.
Not at the moment.

Na










Cell number is not direct and for example for Uber it is not possible to register it. I didn't know about international unlimited calls.

Maybe you can setup some local taxi provider in your application? It will very helpful. Not a lot of information about possibilities of your device.

But anyway it is a perfect idea for hotel visitors. Thanks!) it was really helpful for me (I used scype, Uber, internet). Maybe if I knew about international calls (Irish colleagues, and German) then I used app for this too. Also I didn't know about tickets (how it use) it's not clear.
Y E S, make sure that your customers can get an PAID invoice statement at the end of the stay.
An absolut requirement for considering another stay at the Bermondsey
Didn't work all the time. Hotel tried to fix -stool no good. Replaced Handy - same problems.
